c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\Driver.xr.xml
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\Driver.exe
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\Driver.pdb
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\Driver.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\Driver.exe
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\Driver.pdb
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\overkiller\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
Z:\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\App.xbf
Z:\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
Z:\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\Driver.xr.xml
Z:\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\Driver.exe
Z:\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\Driver.pdb
Z:\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\resources.pri
Z:\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
Z:\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\Driver.build.appxrecipe
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\App.xaml
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\App.xbf
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\Driver.exe
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\Driver.pdb
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
E:\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\App.xbf
E:\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
E:\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\Driver.xr.xml
E:\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\Driver.exe
E:\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\Driver.pdb
E:\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\resources.pri
E:\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
E:\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\Driver.build.appxrecipe
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\App.xaml
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\App.xbf
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\Driver.exe
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\Driver.pdb
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
E:\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\Settings.xbf
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\Settings.g.i.cs
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\Settings.g.cs
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\Settings.xaml
E:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\Settings.xbf
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\Settings.g.i.cs
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\Settings.g.cs
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\Settings.xaml
Z:\Driver\Driver\obj\Debug\Settings.xbf
Z:\Driver\Driver\bin\Debug\Settings.xbf
